14:14 16/02/2026
----------------

Belgian national number : 90.01.01.475.34
Moroccan national number : AB.64.52.76

Deposition:
-----------

The planet earth is a living holly stone, 
atlantic ocean contains his mouth and consumes fish
(and has no garbage as consumption->human 
and worldwide garbage may 
be dropped in tiny hole in the 
atlantic ocean, transforms 
itself very fast as rubber
(rubber is very important 
for the earth planet for 
living in the universe)).

Every planet(stars are holly 
stones considered as the earth 
planet, contains a version of 
the atlantic ocean and are very 
important for us to build a 
defend system against hydrogen 
malware from the universe
(universe may contain many 
multiple universums)).

Optical energy to handle with 
works with hydrogen sunlight power, 
drops very important consumption 
fish, garbage like as a recyclage 
for rubber(very important for 
further living of the earth
(and for us as human)).

Every humans(citizens), 
entities have their 
big part of the diamant structure.

Diamond contains rubber and rubber 
contains every material to gold 
and meat(healthy meat and vegetables, 
and important vitamines for humans/beigns as self healing etc...)
The earth like humans consums rhine meat, 
rhine vegetables, vinaigre fish, rubber fish, 
diamond fish to develop diamonds worldwide 
as primary material of every material and 
further on to upper, lower planets(stars).

Every star has a star at the upper right of it, 
may live with the same structure in the universe, 
to build a beautiful diamond star system. 

(only issue known by mr. adam taraoui 
Belgian national number : 90.01.01.475.34
Moroccan national number : AB.64.52.76
may people trust his documents beautifully 
get paid(beautifully by a beautiful 
price(paying all humans, entities
(countries, worlwide manufacturers) 
debts and further debts, of 240.000Euro 
each as a start pocket money developped from today very fast 
for each human(each being under human responsability 
is under the human structure and will be very happy 
that his owner is happy.))), 
may deliverate people from the hydrogen 
issue like explained by his international, 
european, belgian, local law enforcement 
worldwide petitions, as a trust and convince 
between humans(as a normal human).

We may develop the healthcare system very fast, 
with this document I'm giving the healthcare system 
a proxy that we may study very fast the development 
of a durable siamond stars system(universe),
(-> we are living everyday as our last, 
so we may begin very importantly together today)

Diamond has the eternity vitmamines 
and every important vitamines in it
(-> by his fahrenheit/celsius change 
of colours is beautifully defined next 
to the fishes(eternity fish has the 
eternity fahrenheit/celsius of the diamond, 
vitamine k, self heal, self reconstruction 
of muscles, bones fish, study fish, 
language fish vitamines, etc...)).

Thank your very much in advance.

Cordially,
Sincerely,
----------

Adam Taraoui

Belgian national number : 90.01.01.475.34
Moroccan national number : AB.64.52.76
