15:33 16/02/2026
----------------

Belgian national number : 90.01.01.475.34
Moroccan national number : AB.64.52.76

Deposition:
-----------

Every structure is an industrial structure 
of the star(current planet earth),
every being has a structure 
of beings like fish beings, 
ocean is driving under the 
continents, we may disable 
every unusual structure by 
the disable fish of the fish 
itself by the counter of the 
fish fahrenheit/celsius disable 
calculation : +1/-1 
hydrogen we may disable every 
unusual structure of a beautiful engineering 
build everywhere faster than the light speed 
worldwide by evidence seen in the atlantic 
ocean by optical sensors of fahrenheit and 
celsius degree meaurement of hydrogen energy of construction.

Point will be developping further diamonds, 
healthcare, and diabling malware by very fast light year speed.

Optical sensors are very important to put 
in the mouth of the star(bad fish->(bad construction 
of fish of manoeuvre)) (left-right-up-down movements 
of hydrogen beside) -> the star of earth will will 
be very fast under than 24 hours in recuperation, 
and puts everything together by gravity, 
our goal is to fix untill now very fast 
everything manually, small jobs by optics we construct the

We may be out of the extra fahrenheit/celsius 
on earth worldwide less than 24 hours, 
with a beautiful signs of living
(as a fundamental characteristic of humans during centuries fight).

Every fish is very dangerous for humans, 
we may directly protect ourself as human 
from swimming(oceans/rivers/...),
we may only swim in swimmingpools without 
fish(sharks, dolphins), every forest being 
may be further on as a big ennemy, we may 
begin from dogs(dogs were kings in the forests 
and were humans eaters), we disable them from our communities.

Beigns beside humans may focus 24/7 on humans, 
disturb their health by only the focus
in other lectures of the nature humans are always 
living under the mercy of beings of forests and oceans.

Every country worlwide is a brotherhood of the other one, 
we may construct every puzzle less than 24 hours, 
(every misunderstood was always a misunderstood 
principle for itself like every human's book, lecture).

Forest, ocean beings are very intelligent as trackers, 
and source of an unusual engineering, may speak 
languages but never do it, have other missions
(next document will give fundamental solutions 
to finish the beings under than 24 hours, 
simplisticly by optical technologies 
like satellites technologies(made by optics 
as a hard disks with stars, using a computer 
with an optical sensor will be best)).

Solution of the warfare :
fish goes very fast by its chakra(energy) down in the ocean, 
(every stars breath through two holes, 
the one consuming is in the middle of the 
atlantic the one onlybreaths from downstairs 
is above the nordic sea).

Beings from forests, we handle them in bulk 
by driving the to the ocean like they do with humans
(or dropping them with space cold by optical material).

Further developping diamond, good meat for the earth 
as shared in the before document and protecting 
the earth from the beings(oceans, forests beings), 
living with integrale peace. 

Thank your very much in advance.

Cordially,
Sincerely,
----------

Adam Taraoui

Belgian national number : 90.01.01.475.34
Moroccan national number : AB.64.52.76
